Meeting notes (3/13/2020)

- Priorities and making progress
    - Can we make progress on aliases now?  (move to blocks outputting streams, for example)
    - Jonathan - to split up current priorities, so we know the shape of necessary work
- Diversity / making a safe space / mentorship
    - Keep being positive and keep our eyes open
- Pair programming
    - Jonathan/Jason possible pair for protocols
    - Andres/Jonathan sit down and look through some data processing
    - Yehuda/??? pair on parser potentially
    - Yehuda/Jason end-to-end project
    - Community/??? pick projects for possible pair-ups
- Plugin protocol
    - Bidirectional - how will this impact internals?
    - Plugin and internal commands should feel similar to write and should have the same expressive power
    - Possible Options
        - Plugins can just open and read from config file
        - ??? generate other options from pairing
- *Completions (skipped)*
- Auto-rotating single row
    - Stroustrup's Rule
    - Consensus: let's try it and make it configurable
- Dashboard sketch